Thus far in our application we loaded the single post route as part of our blog page so that when we
click on a post we exchanged the Post's page for a single post page.
Now we can absolutely do that of course.
However sometimes you also have a set up where you want to create a nested route so where you want to
load a certain component or where you want to render certain content inside of another component which
is also loaded via routing.
So right now we have only one level where we do routing here in the block container we load different
components for different routes and that's absolutely fine.
Now lets say we want to load a specific host not inside the block component but inside the host component
right beneath our posts here.
So for that I will wrap does it at Dith and add my route in there my route component in there sometime
in the post component added there.
Therefore of course I also need to add an import at the top where I import route from re-act router
on all of that in the post component and I now get an error of course because the full post component
I'm referring to here is also not present in that file.
So I need to add an import to that to import full post from.
And now let's go to that full post folder and import it from the full post file.
And now I can render a single post beneath my list of posts because I use route in a different component
and this is in general something you can of course do.
You can use the route component where ever you want in your application.
As long as the page the component where you are using it is trapped by that browser router and that
of course is the case because we're wrapping the block component with it.
And since the post component is just a child component of the block component loaded through a route
this works.
Now the switch statement here in the block component of course is a bit redundant.
Now I only have one component in there so maybe I move my outer route in there though technically this
is not required because these two routes will never match for the same path.
So we could remove the switch statement we'll leave it here simply as a reference so that you can still
compare your code to it.
What we can also do in the block component now is we can get rid of the full post import which we're
not using here anymore.
Now if you save all the files and you go to your post component and you click on a single post you will
see that you are updates.
But the post isn't rendered and the posts are gone too.
The reason for this is that we now create a nested route.
We have the route route let's say here in the block container does the top most level where we react
to any route changes and then the post component which we load from a router.
Keep that in mind we loaded.
We implemented through the router in this component here.
We now again use route.
The issue is for Slash some ID.
We're not going to reach that route because we have the exact matching for just slash slash ID doesn't
match that route.
So the Post component never gets rendered which is too bad because it would be in that component that
we want to render our full post component for a given ID.
Now to fix this we can of course remove exect then this will match slash and slash one slash two and
so on.
We should then changed your order though so that slash doesn't also consume the new posts first and
now which also makes sense again because now this route would also be rendered for a slash new post
but since slash new post is found first this will be rendered first and the router will then stop thereafter.
So now with this set up you will see that indeed we can load a single route beneath our routes.
So if I go to just slash we see just the posts but if I click on a post we load that beneath the posts.
This already is a nested route.
We face an issue though lets say we have Slash posts here and not slash nothing.
And of course this means that in the post component where we navigate if we were to use a link we would
have to update this to slash posts.
The same here for this programmatic routing and for the one we're actually using.
So that now we're navigating to slash posts ID and now if this in place you will see and I should also
update the navigational link here to slash posts.
So now you will see that if I click on posts here we load the posts and I can click on a post of course.
Now you see all of that fails though we get an error because our nested route here in the post is component.
This route parses slash ID and this is not appended to the path of the route which was responsible for
loading the post component.
So this is not automatically resolved.
Two posts ID.
This is not happening.
Instead this still is slash route slash ID so we would have to update this to slash posts ID to to have
working nested routing again with our new you are l which is slash posts slash.
ID is of course very cumbersome to do so.
So instead of using post like this.
A better way is to get the current path dynamically so that this really is a dynamic a flexible nested
route and for that pauvres should be set to something dynamic here not a hardcoded string.
And then there we probably should use this prop's match mismatch object and in there there is a u r
l property which is basically D or l.
We loaded thus far.
So d u r l which was responsible for loading this posts component and that of course is except to depart.
We need to prepend to our flexible part there after so we can now merge this inside of the Cauley braces
though with our IDs.
So with Slash colon ID and remove the part offer to call the braces.
Now this will match posts ID and if we ever were to load this component differently let's say on slash
all posts then this would automatically resolve to all posts here because it is dynamic.
So now with that if we save this we get the same behavior as before but this just proves that it's working.
We're dynamically adding slash posts here for our nested route and this is how you create truly nested
routes in your re-act application with re-act rowdier.